To view the project, download the .zip file, unzip the file, and then open the GWG-Bellabeat_Capstone_Case_Study.html

# GWG-Capstone---Bellabeat-Case-Study
Project files for my attempt at the Bellabeat case study, done as a capstone project for the "Google Data Analytics Certificate" coursework.

Before we get to the main course of this project, there are a couple of items I want to touch on. First is providing some context as to why this analysis is being done. This project is being built as the final capstone project for the “Google Data Analytics Certification.” The course is actually 7 courses and this capstone project. Over the past month or two, I have been working through the classroom content required to obtain the certificate, which covers items like the thought processes behind a good analysis, soft skills around the analytics profession, SQL, spreadsheets, R, and so much more. Now that I have finally made my way through the course content, it is time to showcase all of that learning in this case study. This case study was one of 3 options for the capstone project, but I chose this one because of a pre-existing love for fitness, as well as it’s relation to fitness tracker data. I myself have thought of doing showcasing analyses using my own fitness tracking data, and when I saw that someone had already done the hard part and collected/cleaned all the data, I jumped right in

Author's Note:
If you were like me, there were points throughout the process of thinking through each of the analysis questions where further questions and analysis paths presented themselves. For example, with the first analysis question, I thought of cross referencing the drawdown and speed up of the average-calorie burned numbers at the end and begining of the day with user sleep data that also came with the baseline data set. However, in order to prevent a severe case of scope creep and allow myself to actually put a bow on this project, I opted to keep the analysis to the way it is now. Hopefully by reading through this, I was able to inspire you to look into those further questions on your own. Or, like me, those questions exist, but now you are ready to move on to the next thing before spending more time in the world of Bellabeat. I may return to build a V2 of this project, but for now, I am satisfied with the work I have done here.

If there are any questions I can answer at the end of the day, feel free to reach out, I would love the opportunity to talk to someone else about work that I did and am passionate about. But if not, know either way that I am grateful for your attention here.
